debezium/dbz#2355 Document UNNEST batch inserts as applicable to CockroachDB (#7759)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/jdbc.adoc

|[[jdbc-property-dialect-postgres-unnest-insert-enabled]]<<jdbc-property-dialect-postgres-unnest-insert-enabled, `+dialect.postgres.unnest.insert.enabled+`>>
|`false`
|Specifies whether to enable `UNNEST`-based batch inserts for PostgreSQL and CockroachDB.

> When enabled, uses `UNNEST()` for batch inserts, which can significantly improve performance by reducing the number of SQL statements executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the value to `true` to enable the connector to use `UNNEST()` for batch inserts.
After you enable batching, instead of submitting multiple SQL statements to the target database, the connector accumulates multiple change events up to the `batch.size` limit, and then submits the events to the target database in a single JDBC batch.
Reducing the number of SQL statements in this way can improve performance for certain workloads.
```

This optimization is compatible with `INSERT` and `UPSERT` modes.

> If a batch can include more than one event for the same primary key, as is common on update-heavy topics, also set <<jdbc-property-use-reduction-buffer, `+use.reduction.buffer+`>> to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For topics that receive a high volume of updates for the same primary key, you can further improve the effectiveness of batching by setting `use.reduction.buffer` to `true`. 
This setting enables the connector to combine multiple events for a primary key into a single final operation before it writes to the database.
```

> Without it, the combined statement fails with the database error `ON CONFLICT command cannot affect row a second time` and the task stops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `use.reduction.buffer` is set to `false`, attempts to combine statements fail, and the database returns the following error:

`ON CONFLICT command cannot affect row a second time.`

The task then stops.
```

> For information about the performance benefits of enabling the UNNEST function, see link:https://www.tigerdata.com/blog/boosting-postgres-insert-performance["Boosting Postgres Insert Performance"^] in the Tiger Data blog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about the performance benefits of enabling the UNNEST function for PostgreSQL, see link:https://www.tigerdata.com/blog/boosting-postgres-insert-performance["Boosting Postgres Insert Performance"^] in the Tiger Data blog.
```

> For the equivalent CockroachDB guidance, see link:https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/performance-best-practices-overview#use-multi-row-statements-instead-of-multiple-single-row-statements["Use multi-row statements instead of multiple single-row statements"^] in the CockroachDB documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about the performance benefits of enabling the UNNEST function for CockroachDB, see link:https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/performance-best-practices-overview#use-multi-row-statements-instead-of-multiple-single-row-statements["Use multi-row statements instead of multiple single-row statements"^] in the CockroachDB documentation.
```

Reducing the number of SQL statements in this way can improve performance for certain workloads.
This optimization is compatible with `INSERT` and `UPSERT` modes.

For topics that receive a high volume of updates for the same primary key, you can further improve the effectiveness of batching by setting <<jdbc-property-use-reduction-buffer, `+use.reduction.buffer+`>> to `true`.
This setting enables the connector to combine multiple events for a primary key into a single final operation before it writes to the database.

If a batch includes multiple events for the same primary key while `use.reduction.buffer` is set to `false`, the attempt to combine statements fails, and the database returns the following error:

`ON CONFLICT command cannot affect row a second time.`

The task then stops.

For information about the performance benefits of enabling the UNNEST function for PostgreSQL, see link:https://www.tigerdata.com/blog/boosting-postgres-insert-performance["Boosting Postgres Insert Performance"^] in the Tiger Data blog.

> For information about the performance benefits of enabling the UNNEST function for CockroachDB, see link:https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/performance-best-practices-overview#use-multi-row-statements-instead-of-multiple-single-row-statements["Use multi-row statements instead of multiple single-row statements"^] in the CockroachDB documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how the connector's use of the UNNEST function improves write performance for PostgreSQL and CockroachDB databases, see the following resources:

* link:https://www.tigerdata.com/blog/boosting-postgres-insert-performance["Boosting Postgres Insert Performance"^] in the Tiger Data blog.

* link:https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/performance-best-practices-overview#use-multi-row-statements-instead-of-multiple-single-row-statements["Use multi-row statements instead of multiple single-row statements"^] in the CockroachDB documentation.
```
